---
layout: lm_issue
date: 1995-01-01
reported_date: "January/February 1995"
lm_issue: 40
previous_issue: 1
next_issue: 43

cover: "/lm/scans/Labor_Militant_40_(January-February_1995).jpg"
cover_width: 256
cover_height: 341
pdf: "/lm/scans/Labor_Militant_40_(January-February_1995).pdf"
djvu: "/lm/scans/Labor_Militant_40_(January-February_1995).djvu"
---

### Articles

* Jones, Alan.[^1] “Right wing declares war on workers, poor, women, kids… Organize and fight back!” 1.
* “Cash drive for ’95!” 1.
* “Bond market crash shows crisis of global capitalism.” Editorial. 2.
* Barbara. “A working mother speaks: ‘We have to change the whole system to make life better for our kids…’” 2.
* “Them & us.” 2.
* Karas, Fran.[^2] “Build Labor Party Advocates!” 3.
* Dardis, Lorraine.[^3] “Break the political monopoly of big business!” 3.
* “Eugene Debs on the labor movement.” 3.
* Loucas, Dino.[^4] “Teamsters: Carey goes on the offensive.” 4.
* Seattle Fighting Teamsters. “Fighting Teamsters for the traditions of 1934.” 4.
* Harrison, Justin.[^5] “Telecommunications workers: wildcat strike at Bell Atlantic.” 4.
* “Support U.R.W. workers!”[^6] 4.
* Mellor, Richard.[^7] “Orange County declares bankruptcy: Make rich shareholders pay!” 4.
* “What we stand for.” 5.
* Root, Martha.[^8] “Brookline murders: Stop terrorism against women’s clinics!” 5.
* Uribe, Ben. “New York City: Organize against Giuliani and the rich!” 5.
* “Solidarity convoy in Decatur: solidarity action needed to defeat union busters.”[^9] 5.
* “‘Livin’ it up’ on welfare in 1995: reality check… and fictional public opinion.” 6.
* Rooke, Rob.[^10] “Contract on America.” 6–7.
* Hamilton, Bruce.[^11] “Transportation: profit or safety first?” 6.
* “Getting taxed to death.” 7.
* O’Torain, Sean. “Italy: movement of workers and youth brings down Italian government.” 8.
* Reimann, John.[^12] “Mexico: the ‘free market’ collapses.” 8.
* “Mexican workers need support!” 8.
* Dardis, Lorraine.[^3] <span lang="es">“Tenemos que desafiar el monopolio político de los capitalistas.”</span>[^13] 9.
* “African freedom fighter.” Interview with Serge Mukendi.[^14] 9.
* “The horror in Chechnya continues.” 9.
* “Black History Month: interview with a former Black Panther.” Interview with Bob Bowens. 10.
* Lisa.[^15] “Taking the business out of music.” 10.
* Wilson, Joe.[^16] “Organize the unorganized! Young workers’ safety suffers in fast food industry.” 11.
* “Free Dewayne Holmes!” 11.
* Williams, Tony.[^17] “Crowd protests cellular antenna.” [Letter]. 11.
* Murtha, Mari.[^18] “Plenty of nothing…” [Letter]. 11.
* Trottier, Tom.[^19] “Big business takes the fun out of national pastime.” [Letter]. 11.
* Youth Against Racism and Poverty member.[^20] “It pays to fight back!” [Militant Youth]. 12.
* Pelerin, Katiuscia.[^21] “Education needs: prayer or full funding?” [Militant Youth]. 12.

### Notes

[^1]: Member, Local 1981, United Automobile Workers (<abbr>UAW</abbr>); National Writers Union (<abbr>NWU</abbr>).
[^2]: Shop steward, Local 1-P, Graphic Communications International Union (<abbr>GCIU</abbr>); New York Photo-Engravers Union.
[^3]: Member, Local 2324, <abbr>UAW</abbr>, Chicago.
[^4]: Member, Local 807, Teamsters (<abbr>IBT</abbr>), New York City.
[^5]: Member, Local 13000, Communication Workers of America (<abbr>CWA</abbr>), Philadelphia.
[^6]: Refers to United Rubber Workers.
[^7]: Member, Local 444, American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (<abbr>AFSCME</abbr>), Oakland; public water utility.
[^8]: Executive Board member, Local 285, Service Employees International Union (<abbr>SEIU</abbr>), Boston.
[^9]: Refers to strike of Local 7837, United Paperworkers International Union (<abbr>UPIU</abbr>) at A.E. Staley Manufacturing in Decatur, IL.
[^10]: Chicago.
[^11]: Member, Amalgamated Transit Union (<abbr>ATU</abbr>), New York.
[^12]: Member, Local 713, United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America (<abbr>UBC</abbr>), Hayward, CA.
[^13]: “We have to challenge the capitalists’ political monopoly.”
[^14]: U.S. Representative of the Movement of Workers and Peasants of the Congo (<abbr>MOP</abbr>), “the organization which is at the center of the battle against the Mobutu dictatorship in Zaire.” Interview follows his U.S. tour sponsored by Youth Against Racism and Poverty (<abbr>YARP</abbr>) and Labor Militant. Also affiliated with Local 1199, <abbr>SEIU</abbr>, Manhattan; healthcare workers.
[^15]: Chicago.
[^16]: Framingham, MA.
[^17]: Member, <abbr>SEIU</abbr>, Seattle.
[^18]: Member, United Federation of Teachers (<abbr>UFT</abbr>), New York.
[^19]: Member, Local 154, DC 37, <abbr>AFSCME</abbr>, New York City; Amalgamated Professional Employees.
[^20]: Student and worker, University of California.
[^21]: Member, <abbr>YARP</abbr>, New York.