---
layout: lm_issue
date: 1997-07-01T00:00:00.000Z
reported_date: July/August 1997
lm_issue: 51
previous_issue: 43
subtitle: 'Clinton–Congress: Balancing the budget on our backs!'
last_modified: 2020-04-27
---

After this issue, <cite>Labor Militant</cite> was renamed to <cite>Justice</cite>.

### Articles

* “Why you should join the socialists.” 1.
* Harrison, Marty.[^1] “Clinton–Congress: Balancing the budget on our backs!” 1.
* “What we stand for.” 2.
* Morales, Simon.[^2] “San Francisco special elections: Razor-thin stadium victory for the establishment.” 2.
* Affeln, Dieter.[^3] “Gagged science.” 2.
* Harrison, Justin.[^4] “Why we need a Labor Party.” 3.
* Locker, Philip.[^5] “Fast facts: the price of ‘democracy’…” 3.
* Root, Martha.[^6] “Service Employees International Union: Stern’s turn: End of ‘Justice for Janitors’ – Building bridges with…real estate companies instead.” 4.
* Pepi, Gene.[^7] “Democratic opposition wins three posts in <abbr>SEIU</abbr> Local 790 elections.” 4.
* Potter, Tom and Jeff Booth.[^8] “Successful meeting of the Papers for All campaign in Boston.” 5.
* Morales, Simon.[^2] “International campaign for immigrant rights in San Francisco.” 5.
* Collins, Margaret.[^9] “How many defeats…?” 6.
* Harrison, Marty. “Interview with Detroit strikers: ‘The corporations want to make it a crime to have a decent job…’” Interview with Rick Farquharson[^10] and Gary Rusnell[^11]. 6–7.
* “What we think: Why we need a radical change in leadership.” 7.
* “Confessions of a union buster.” 7.
* “British elections: Clinton-clone Blair wins as voters’ resentment turns against conservatives.”[^12] 8.
* “British elections: how socialist candidates fared.” 8.
* “French elections: program of austerity, cuts rejected by French workers.” 8.
* Behan, Seamus.[^3] “Irish elections: Socialist Party candidate elected in parliament.”[^13] 9.
* Johannesburg correspondent. “South Africa: General strike demands improvement in employment conditions.” 9.
* Wilsdon, Tony. “For Rich Kraft, 37: Comrade, fighter, and a great human being.” [Obituary]. 10.
* Hawkins, Eljeer.[^14] “Sounds of the revolution, part iii: Hip-hop and the ’90s.” 11.
* Reid, John. “Rumble in the Jungle.” Review of <cite>When We Were Kings</cite>, directed by Leon Gast. 11.
* “Congratulations.” 11.
* “<cite>Labor Militant</cite>: 11 years of struggle – Monthly <cite>Justice</cite> starts publication in September.” 12.

### Notes

[^1]: Philadelphia.
[^2]: San Francisco.
[^3]: Boston.
[^4]: Member, Local 13000, Communication Workers of America (<abbr>CWA</abbr>), Philadelphia.
[^5]: Ohio.
[^6]: Member, Local 285, Service Employees International Union (<abbr>SEIU</abbr>).
[^7]:  San Francisco Bay Area.
[^8]: Members, Local 3650, American Federal, State, County, and Municipal Employees (<abbr>AFSCME</abbr>), Boston; Harvard Union of Clerical and Technical Workers (<abbr>HUCTW</abbr>).
[^9]: Delegate, Local 1199; hospital workers union.
[^10]: Member, Graphic Communications International Union (<abbr>GCIU</abbr>), Detroit. 9-year-employee, <cite>Detroit Free Press</cite>. Member, Action Coalition of Strikers and Supporters (<abbr>ACOSS</abbr>).
[^11]: Member, <abbr>CWA</abbr>. 27-year-employee, <cite>Detroit Free Press</cite>. Member, <abbr>ACOSS</abbr>.
[^12]: Reprinted from the British <cite>Socialism Today</cite> (<abbr>ISSN</abbr> [1360-2055](https://www.worldcat.org/title/socialism-today/oclc/1041913269)).
[^13]: Refers to Joe Higgins.
[^14]: New York.
