---
layout: lm/issue
date: 1986-04-01
reported_date: "April/May/June 1986"
lm_issue: 1
next_issue: 40
subtitle: "End dictatorship of big business"
last_modified: 2020-04-27

cover: "/lm/scans/Labor_Militant_01_(April-June_1986).jpg"
cover_width: 256
cover_height: 341
pdf: "/lm/scans/Labor_Militant_01_(April-June_1986).pdf"
djvu: "/lm/scans/Labor_Militant_01_(April-June_1986).djvu"
txt: "/lm/scans/Labor_Militant_01_(April-June_1986).txt"
---

### Articles

* Reimann, John.[^14] “[End dictatorship of big business](end-dictatorship-of-big-business/).” 1.
* Youth Defense Campaign member. “[Victory for youth](victory-for-youth/).” 1, 11.
* “[Labor Militant editorial](labor-militant-editorial/).” 2.
* O’Neill, Robert. “[Labor must oppose Reagan’s foreign policy](labor-must-oppose-reagans-foreign-policy/).” 2–3.
* Williams, Tom.[^1] “[A socialist program for labor](a-socialist-program-for-labor/).” 3.
* Barnett, Marcy.[^2] “[Labor must fight racism](labor-must-fight-racism/).” 4.
* “[Reagan and the family](reagan-and-the-family/).” 4.
* “[Harlem fight-back](harlem-fight-back/).” 4.
* Canadian correspondent. “[Canadian labor must fight for socialism](canadian-labor-must-fight-for-socialism/).” 5.
* “[Victory in Newfoundland as workers defy law](victory-in-newfoundland-as-workers-defy-law/).”[^3] 5.
* Bloch, Victor. “Working class fights capitalism and Stalinism.” 6–7.
* Storey, Paul.[^4] “South Africa: <abbr>COSATU</abbr> confronts regime.”[^5] 8.
* “British Labor: ‘It’s better to break the law than to break the poor.’” 8.
* “[Latinos en U.S.A.](latinos-en-usa/)” 9.
* Chilean correspondent. <span lang="es">“Huelga general insurreccional.”</span>[^6] 9.
* Cutler, M.[^7] <span lang="es">“Huelga hotelera.”</span>[^8] 9.
* “Women: cheap labor for bosses.” 10.
* “US economy in crisis.” 10.
* Collins, Margaret.[^7] “<abbr>TWA</abbr> workers defy bosses.”[^9] 10.
* <abbr>CWA</abbr> Local 9410 shop steward.[^10] “<abbr>CWA</abbr>: United action needed.” 11.
* “$5,000 for the workers’ paper.” 11.
* Hamilton, Bruce.[^11] “[Support P-9 strike](support-p9-strike/).”[^12] 12.
* <abbr>AFSCME</abbr> Local 444 member.[^13] “[Union wages 30% above non-union](union-wages-30-percent-above-non-union/).” 12.

### Notes

[^1]: Member, District Council (DC) 37, American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (<abbr>AFSCME</abbr>), New York City.
[^2]: Member, District 65, United Automobile Workers (<abbr>UAW</abbr>), New York City.
[^3]: Refers to general strike of 5,000 workers backed by Newfoundland Federation of Labor and New Democratic Party.
[^4]: Member, Editorial Board of <cite lang="xh">Inqaba ya Basebenzi</cite> (Xhosa: <cite>Workers’ Fortress</cite>), journal of the Marxist Workers’ Tendency of the African National Congress (<abbr>ANC</abbr>), published in London due to the <abbr>ANC</abbr> being illegal.
[^5]: Refers to Congress of South African Trade Unions. Reprinted from the British <cite>Militant</cite>, December 1985.
[^6]: “Insurrectionary general strike.”
[^7]: Member, Local 6, Hotel Employees and Restaurant Employees (<abbr>HERE</abbr>), New York City.
[^8]: “Hotel strike.”
[^9]: Refers to Trans World Airlines.
[^10]: Communication Workers of America, San Francisco.
[^11]: Member, Local 1202, <abbr>ATU</abbr> (Amalgamated Transit Union), New York.
[^12]: Refers to Local P-9, United Food and Commercial Workers (<abbr>UFCW</abbr>), Austin, MN; Hormel meatpacking plant.
[^13]: Public water utility, Oakland. 
[^14]: Member, Local 36, United Brotherhood of Carpenters (<abbr>UBC</abbr>), Oakland.